Test Cases
1. Links in Top Left
	a. Month Index
		1. page loads when click on link
		2. Add Trackers button will load modal (can we test for this?)
		3. confirm that new tracker is created from modal
		4. confirm that new tracker is displayed correctly in month index table
		5. 'Edit' link will load modal WITH prepopulated values from tracker
		6. confirm that redirect takes you back to month index page
		7. confirm that new tracker is edited
		8. confirm that 'Delete' link will display confirm modal
		9. confirm that redirect takes you back to month index page
		10. confirm that new tracker is deleted
		11. Prev month link works, takes to previous month
		12. if Prev month is clicked 12 times, will display last year
		13. Next month link works, takes to next month
		14. if next month is clicked 12 times, will display next year
		15. link in top left - 'home' will take you to home page, where you can immediately click another link
		16. link in top left - 'project list' will take you to projects page 
	b. Project List
		1. page loads when click on link
		2. Project Umbrellas (pu1/p1/wg1 pu2 pu3 pu4)
			a. new button will go to new page
			b. confirm that back button redirects to projet page, then go to new page again
			c. confirm that redirect takes you to new project page
			d. confirm that 'back' button returns to project page, then do steps a through c again and skip step c
			e. confirm that project umbrella is defaulted and non-selectable for new project
			f. create test project and confirm that redirect takes you to new weekly goal page
			g. confirm that project umbrella and project are defaulted and non-selectable for new weekly goal
			h. create test weekly goal and confirm that redirect takes you to project page
			i. confirm that new project umbrella is displayed correctly
			j. confirm that new project is displayed correctly
			k. confirm that new weekly goal is displayed correctly
			l. edit button will go to edit page
			m. confirm that back button redirects to project page, then go to edit page again
			i. confirm that values are prepopulated correctly
			n. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
			o. confirm that project umbrella is edited
		2. Projects (pu1/p2/wg2 pu2/p3 pu3/p4)
			a. new button will go to new page
			b. confirm that back button redirects to project page, then go to new page again
			c. confirm that redirect takes you to weekly goal page
			d. confirm that 'back'button returns to project page, then do steps a through c again and skip step d
			d. confirm that project umbrella and project are defaulted and non-selectable for new weekly goal
			e. create test weekly goal and confirm that redirect takes you to project page
			g. confirm that new project is displayedc correctly
			h. confirm that new weekly goal is displayed correctly
			g. edit button will go to edit page
			h. confirm that back button redirects to project page, then go to edit page again
			i. confirm that values are prepopulated correctly
			j. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
			k. confirm that project is edited
		3. Weekly Goals (pu1/p2/wg3 pu2/p3/wg1)
			a. new button will go to new page
			b. confirm that back button redirects to project page, then go to new page again
			c. associate new weekly goal with new project umbrella
			d. confirm that when you select a project umbrella, the list of available projects filters down to just the 2 new projects
			e. associate new weekly goal with new project
			f. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
			g. confirm that new weekly goal is displayed correctly in weekly goal table and project table
			h. edit button will go to edit page
			i. confirm that back button redirects to project page, then go to edit page again
			j. confirm that selecting a different project will filter down the list of available projects
			k. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
			l. confirm that weekly goal is edited
			m. delete link will display confirm modal
			n. confirm that weekly goal is deleted
		4. Project (2)
			a. Delete project with no weekly goal
				1. confirm that 'Delete' link will display confirm modal
				2. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
				3. confirm that project is deleted.
			b. Delete project with weekly goal
				1. confirm that 'Delete' link will display confirm modal
				2. confirm that popup showing project and wg name shows up with confirm modal
				3. confirm that 'Cancel' does not delete project, then redo steps 1 and 2
				3. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
				4. confirm that project and weekly goal are deleted.
		5. Project Umbrella (2)
			a. Delete project umbrella with no project
				1. confirm that 'Delete' link will display confirm modal
				2. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
				3. confirm that projeuct umbrella is delted.
			b. Delete project umbrella with project but no weekly goal
				1. confirm that 'Delete' link will display confirm modal
				2. confirm that popup showing project umbrella and project name shows up with confirm modal
				3. confirm that 'Cancel' does not delete project, then redo steps 1 and 2
				4. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
				5. confirm that project umbrella and project are deleted
			c. Delete project umbrella with project and weekly goal
				1. confirm that 'Delete link will display confirm modal'
				2. confirm that popup showing project umbrella, project, and wg name shows up with confirm modal
				3. confirm that 'cancel does not delte project umbrella', then redo steps 1 and 2
				4. confirm that redirect takes you back to project page
				5. confirm that project umbrella, project, and weekly goal are deleted
		6. link in top left - 'home' will take you to home page, where you can immediately click another link
	c. NT Process - will do later
2. Weekly Goals and Daily Tasks
	a. 'This Week' link displays hidden div containing week goals
	b.  create new goal with plus sign
		1. confirm that 'new' link opens up modal
		2. confirm that selecting 'add new' in the project umbrella selector leads to new project umbrella page
		3. create new project umbrella, then click back. Navigate back to weekly goals page
		4. open up new modal again, then select new project umbrella
		5. confirm that selecting 'add new' in the project selector leads to new project page
		6. confirm that project umbrella is prepopulated in new project page **I don't think there is a way to do this currently - wait for modal fx
		7. create new project, then click back. Navigate back to weekly goals page
		8. create weekly goal, and confirm that redirect takes you to home
	c. Dropdown menu in weekly goal
		1. Edit Goal
			a. select dropdown menu, then edit goal. confirm that link creates modal
			b. confirm that values are prepopulated in edit form
			c. confirm that selecting a different project will filter the list of available projects
			d. confirm that redirect takes you to home page
		2. New Daily Task
			a. 
		3. Delete Goal
		4. Complete Goal
3. Today Tasks

4. Trackers
5. NT Process


